I once fell in love with a crab on the beach.
I've always wanted to be a giant space crab.
The Japanese Spider Crab is the biggest species of crab measuring about 12 feet! I am way bigger though.
Crabs are crustaceans, alligators are crocodillian. That must make me a crocoacean!
Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek.
Alligators continue to grow throughout their lifetimes.
Alligator's sex is determined by temperature. I am somewhere between 暑 and 寒.
Did you know that Kanji originated from Chinese in the 5th century?
Kokuji「国字」is Kanji made in Japan.
Okurigana「送り仮名」is a part of Kanji written in Hiragana.
Kanji readings derived from the Chinese pronunciations are called On'yomi「音読み」.
The original, indigenous Japanese readings of Kanji are called Kun'yomi「訓読み」.
Furigana「ふりがな」is Hiragana written to express the sound of the Kanji.
Kakijyun「書き順」is the proper way to write a Kanji.
Writing down Kanji on Washi paper with ink is an art form called Shodou「書道」.
The basis of Hiragana was born in the Nara「奈良」period.
The first literature written in Hiragana is "Tosa Nikki"「土佐日記」by Kino Tsurayuki「紀貫之」.
Hiragana was perceived as the woman's writing, or fit for private writing.
There is a type of poetry called Iroha Uta「いろは歌」that uses all 48 Hiragana syllables in one poem.
Japanese names all written in Hiragana are mostly considered feminine.
Over two billion manga, Japanese comic books or graphic novels, are sold in Japan each year.
The Japanese have such a low birth rate that there are more adult diapers sold than baby diapers.
Yaeba「八重歯」, or crooked teeth, are considered attractive in Japan—so much so that girls go to the dentist to have their teeth purposefully unstraightened.
In Japan, it is acceptable to take a nap, called inemuri「居眠り」, on the job—it is viewed as evidence of exhaustion from working very hard. So if you see me sleeping it is totally acceptable!
The name WaniKani「鰐蟹」is a combination of the Japanese words for alligator「鰐」and crab「蟹」.
七転び八起き
Katakana is evil.